Bismillah-hirahma-nirahim.             Assalamu Alaikum Dear Huzoor

	I would like to say thank you for I have been given the opportunity to speak about an astonishing revelation by God revealed to the Promised Messaiahas.As it says, "I shall cause thy message to reach the corners of the earth." 
	Dear Sisters, With the announcement of the Promised Messiah's claim that he had been appointed the Promised Messiah and Mahdi, a storm of bitter and abusive opposition was let loose against him  from all directions. He was called Antichrist and it was declared that his life was forfeit, and though over 130 years have passed since his demise, he and his daily expanding community continue to be the sharpest thorn in the sides of the muslim divines. Bitter persecution breaks out from time to time against the members of his community,but this only serves to furnish greater publicity to the community, in consequence of wich increasing numbers of reasonable and reflecting people continue to identify themselves with the community.
	Did you know that at the time of the revelation, he was not widely known, even in his own hometown. At the time, Qadian had not yet found a place on the maps and did not even possess a telegraph office, was not connected with the railway system of the province, could not be reached by a metalled road, The nearest railway station and telegraph office were at a distance of 11 miles, a journey to which occupied the better party of 3 hours. Despite all this lack of normal facilities, the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community has, during the last hundred years, spread to the farthest corners of the earth and the prophecy just mentioned has been, and continues to be, fulfilled in a miraculous manner.
	As Promised Messiah said in his nazm,"A distinct blessing was shown from the lord of mankind, upon seeing this sign,all of my enemies were stunned. Sufficient for them is the sign of thec lord." Meaning those blessings that are with me continuosly. the promised Messiah continued, "Look, god has forced the world to acknowlegde me. I was unknown, he made me renouned across the world, whatever I have desired, he granted me everything. I was with meager means, but he gave me without measure.